So in this module we learned a lot about layouts ponens pages and how routing works in backstabs we
didn't dive explicitly into service rendering but we're actually using it all the time already whenever
we reload a page it's rendered on the server.
So we're already using that feature next gives us dead and the nodes are out of the box.
Now later in the course they will also look a little bit more behind the scenes of that no worries and
you will also see different approaches of rendering your app.
But before we do that let's actually build something more beautiful than we have right now.
And let's practice the things we learned thus far by diving into our main course project where we built
a real block application a web lock application with Nax.
J.S. We'll dive into this in the next module and this offers a great opportunity to practice and understand
what we had a look at.
So far.